to talk to us a little bit about kitchen
organization yes I love anything to do
with organization I know I've heard
you're obsessed with the label maker I'm
obsessed with the organization in
general but then if you go to my house
you're gonna be like really she thinks
she's working like I'm not that
organized in real life but I aspire to
be very organized so when it comes to
your kitchenware you know we spend a ton
of time you want all of your stuff
labeled you want to know where
everything is and I love that we're
gonna be talking about what you can do
with the label maker right now well this
is definitely label maker so it's pretty
stuff in the kitchen and label maker so
what you're holding on to right now is a
printer it's the brother boom is smart
printer okay
very compact good-looking it is you but
the vacuum mode is it prints at 11 by 17
so I had a little bit of fun on the
weekend
oh so you yes I did look at these
placemats
though these are for the kids this for
Zach and this is for whistlers so even
your cat gets a placemat excuse me
because you know when you're eating on
it they dribble everywhere that's true
yeah this is not for your kids but you
know what's funny is that my mother used
to have the cat sit at the dining table
she's gonna kill me for saying this
because he used to bag all the time for
food I just like if I set up a place for
him maybe he won't bag and he used to
sit at the dining table and what'd he
say so on the hind legs we had paws on
the table yeah yeah and you just sit
there and watch the seat
he wouldn't actually eat himself but you
come use a knife and fork no okay just
try wait we've got a lift this look at
that so this would be really good think
about if you're having a like a party at
your place got the menu a bridal shower
you've got the menu right there on your
place man I once had an editor say to me
she's like I like to know where the meal
is going Samantha and I'm like okay then
we will put it down so she wants to know
where her meal is going I would be like
you watch dogs no mine would be like
kale salad I want to know what the
dessert is that's what I want to know
chocolate bar yeah chocolate shop okay
chance anything jobs anything chocolate
and then this was so pretty from little
Chloe
very nice Zoey's we can't leave her out
you know there's a joke that I'm always
hearing about kids these days they
should never forget their names because
everything is marked we have kids names
right you could get blankets you get
placemats how these people know how to
spell of a young age yeah oh and there
was one more but we don't need to show
that anyway okay so let's move on to
label making so these labels are all
from the printer these are Martha
Stewart labels she's got some pretty
gorgeous labels very nice okay so we
know where the sugar is you know where
the sugar is you know I just find it's
nice to label things we always label
things as a kid because someone would
end up putting things and you know
baking soda into the flour is not a good
thing if you're anyone who bakes doesn't
taste good doesn't taste so good and t
so these are pretty labels and then if
you've got a little home office in your
kitchen shoot pushpins stickers that are
labeled onto little stickers yes so
those came right out of the printer okay
but you can also use the label maker and
just put these through actually these
ones aren't from the label these are
also from the printer okay so these are
all from the printer so you have to do
that thing where you get the sheet you
get the sheet that fits the printer type
it up put it through it's super easy and
then candy someone a candy always I
don't know so these are really these
come in really handy though if you are
one of those folks that you know take
the cereal from the box and fill up your
containers with yeah because you aren't
gonna know what's in there and I know
Shona would go a step further and say
you know put put the expiry date oh
right doughnut is a crazy pants she's a
crazy irony I'll be given an M&M if I
find it it like the bottom of my car so
yeah I'm back you may all eat an M&M
like I don't worry so much expiry date
things you don't want to admit on
television whatevs
and then these are you know when you
have books that get really tattered yeah
this is one you know just to protect
them in the kitchen you can either print
beautiful paper and then add a little
label on the side so we use the label
maker so you can add one on the front
ice dessert and especially if you don't
like the cover if you're one of those
people who likes everything to look
uniform right you can use craft paper
just like a really pretty floral paper
lovely label it up and make everything
look really uniform
yeah or you can put your your recipes a
family cookbook now this is a great idea
this
the best thing ever because I wanted to
demonstrate it but Wi-Fi in the studio
doesn't work very well okay you can
print directly from your phone on the
brother printer really just crazy so if
you've got a great recipe like this
recipe for example right green
powerhouse plate yeah for that is you
know and you're coming home from work
and you're on the subway or you're on
the bus and you're looking up your
recipe as soon as you walk through the
door you can just print right from your
phone so you just you send it there's
what do you get the app is there some
kind of app I just hooks directly up to
the printer amazing and you print that's
awesome it's totally awesome because
some people they don't like to have
their cookbooks on just you know their
cookbooks out or their iPad it write the
recipe and you're done very smart